

SOFTWARE DEVELOPER AI & ML - TECHNICAL TEST 

Question A
Your goal for this question is to write a program that accepts two lines (x1,x2) and (x3,x4) on the x-axis and returns whether they overlap. As an example, (1,5) and (2,6) overlaps but not (1,5) and (6,8).
 
Question B
The goal of this question is to write a software library that accepts 2 version string as input and returns whether one is greater than, equal, or less than the other. As an example: “1.2” is greater than “1.1”. Please provide all test cases you could think of.

Question C
Create an api that takes a string as input and returns a list of text insights from the top 5 google results of the query generated by those keywords. 

Test with the following string « keystone - Circular reference found role inference » . You will need to build a query , search the web (you can scrape google) , select the top 5 results and for each result scrape for the most relevant information on that page (relevant from a user’s perspective based on the original string ) . The response should contain the links to the websites that were scraped with the most relevant information (could be a text insight ,  a code snippet, a patch file, etc.) for each. In the response, feel free to add any other extra information that you think could be relevant.

As a hint, we are not looking for quantity, but rather quality, maintainability, scalability, testability and a code that you can be proud of.

When submitting your code add the necessary documentation to explain your overall design and missing functionalities. 

To execute the tests:
=
`chmod +x execute_tests.sh && ./execute_tests.sh`

To run Question C's API:
=
`chmod +x execute_question_c_api.sh && ./execute_question_c_api.sh`



